[Music]
welcome back to another video today is a
lounge underwear haul as you can see by
the title I've never actually ordered
anything from there before I've seen
quite a lot on Instagram I tried to try
them out for myself
and I really need some new underwear
anyway the best feeling ever when you've
got like nice pieces that fit and are
really pretty and obviously we still
have basically been here now I noticed
they have some new like bright colors
and they looked so gorgeous
so I had to try them it arrived really
quickly and came in like this little
packaging I mean it's really proceeded
and well protected obviously the sort of
delicate items like I always worry in
the post and stuff like that I've got
some of that apparel section as well
also before I get started I do have a
discount code it's Olivia Jake and I
don't receive any commission from that
it's literally just for you guys so if
you want to use that I've seen anything
you like then that I bet appease and get
your 10% off so where to start so what
I'm going to do I'll just talk through
like each piece and then display it as
well so I'm gonna start with one of the
blocks and balcony sets so I got this
song and also the bra in the color teal
this is like my go-to color I got five
32d in the bras and small in the bottoms
this color is literally life and I saw a
pretty I really liked detailing around
the band such good quality lace it's
like you can reach her difference
between cheap and good quality lay and
it's just got that little wiring
underneath and I like how this if you're
going to be to sheer like you can it's
not going to be completely see-through
but it's the quality of it is just
amazing and I don't have anything this
color and I think like this we'll see
anyway the skin complexion like it's
just that sort of color isn't it I like
with her thong as well how the back
isn't just like a g-string I've been
finding that comfortable it's like a
thick band are these like my favorite
tight phone underwear they're really
true to size as well these also come in
four different colors I think
I've seen and tried them other than
she's gonna have to have them all I've
kind of I've definitely got a small of
us but I'm just kind of embraced in that
and it used to bother me when I was
younger but now I literally I don't
really mind it I've got a smaller frame
so I don't think I would suit large
breasts but I do think these broads
especially will look amazing on people
we'd like bigger breasts like how'd it
go like they mighty beams go like around
at the top rather than you know
interesting bright push and then I saw
this must've color and I was literally
like oh my god
that is such a bit of me I have to have
these ones this is the mustard color is
amazing I need this set in every single
color these will also look so nice like
underneath your combs like an open shirt
or something sort of just peeping
through i'll get so much wear out of
these it's got a little lounge logo
going around but it's not too like out
there like there's not too much I
sometimes don't like when there's loads
of branding you know it just absolutely
everyone and again I've got a 32d these
are underwear thinks this elastic band
isn't is not it's going to be super
comfortable and not sort of like dig in
anywhere it's just so smooth and then
next I've got this pink cropped t-shirt
which is a really nice thick quality
it's not like a cheap tea this is the
beautiful t-shirt on this is gorgeous
and look the little white rings there
this is perfect for like you know some
days where you're just chilling at home
and just shoving a comfortable top but
also you could put this with black on
with jeans or if you're going to a
sinner or anything and just think these
are nice essential teens and I think
these go out of stock quite quickly as
the bottoms were out of stock um
definitely I have to get my hands on
them a slit shoe so soft I just so so
soft
oh my god it's like heaven right now
kind of forgot what I ordered
but so much in my basket folks I've been
I've been meaning it to order underwear
ages well so I'm so happy oh my god I've
never seen these before I wasn't sure
what they're gonna be like I've got the
so soft t-shirt songs in black these are
so classic a red material just look at
lychee and the kitties and they just
look so comfy
like protective packaging so it doesn't
go flat and I got the matching so soft
t-shirt bra this doesn't have any
pattern in I think it's just like a nice
little basic brass goes then perfect for
like you know on under plane stuff and
it's got quite dainty straps it comes
with some like washing instructions on
here a good essential tab again I think
I'll just get this and under every color
just to wear under tees and stuff like
that like a real sort of day-to-day bra
they've got their logo game around the
edge and I just think it's nice and just
classy detailing and then next I got
this mesh extra small bra so this is the
stove like a neutral color and the
matching briefs I just wanted to try
these as well so they've got like spawn
bit is just completely see-through it's
just a bit different I don't have
anything like this I've mashed eating
nothing that's really pretty look these
sort of brass for lounging about at home
it's got a really nice little backdrop
at the back
this is actually this was probably it is
really good quality I'm so impressed I
think that's one thing I've noticed that
quality is really good like I didn't
know that it was going to be quite thin
and just sort of like breakable but like
there's straps everything are just so so
nice the rest is mainly underwear so
I've let you in desperately needing some
new underwear ages I can feel a strategy
teaching briefs know these khaki color
like that is one of my main colors and
I've got these in a small like side
detail a couple icons mention only I
don't really like phones that are like
this all the way around I just don't
find them very comfortable
whereas it has got a really nice foam
and it's like a cheeky brief or girly
and I like this like pretty bit at the
front how it like did start on it so no
in seriously I've carbons right
literally smashed I was so happy when I
saw
oh my god I was so happy when I saw they
had like a seamless underwear section
seamless barely their thongs in mint
green how strong is that color this is
like my dream underwriters it's just so
cut you can pull these really like that
high up on your ways and I just think
they're so flattering and as well I love
how these sort of like seamless
underwear doesn't show up underneath you
know gym leggings or whatever so I
always try and go for seamless seamless
underwear if I'm wearing jimster and I
haven't really found any that good with
music so this is perfect timing with a
town that this is gonna look so good and
it's just super summery in like perfect
for this time of year that like went
just comfy and then next is these sand
seamless mesh cheeky briefs like same
kind of shape as the mint green ones but
I just think I saw these and I thought
they're a bit different and these are
really good wearing clothes that your
underwear really see-through in and I've
been desperately needing a pair like
these so they're not like super plane
like the only ones I've have in the past
are just this plane all the way around
whereas these are still really nice and
they've got like this lime mesh
detailing along the back and they've got
a little dip in the front and these
looks so nice I've ever much more
flattering that on your stomach honestly
I'm amazed I'm gonna have to order some
more I think and these are the lilac
ones these like super thongs they're a
lot I really like the color of these
don't have eight in this sort of like
lilac color and I liked a little detail
on the sides decided to get these Lila :
just to try those do you find them kind
of uncomfortable
and then lastly these are blue lace
strapless cheeky briefs and I just look
like that's just everything I've showed
you they're literally pretty much
everything is so different like they've
got so many different styles and I like
how there's obviously gonna be something
for everyone in terms of underwear I
notice a lot of brands just stick to
like three classic styles we're all
different shapes and sizes and I know
like what suits me more you know like
what looks better or some people don't
like phones at all which is refreshing
so yet these have got like a these are
like little brief but they're still
really sexy like if you're a girl who
hates thongs
they've got Sony like I think these are
recent you because they're not full
brief and they're not
like full foam as well and they're just
so nice look I like these bit as well on
your hips it's not like full lace or
full strap all the way around so that is
everything I'm really happy that I went
with different styles to really get like
an insight into the brand I'm gonna
order some water from my own and then
these are ones that I haven't shown you
on just because obviously they are my
underwear and I didn't want to show
absolutely everything but they're just
so gorgeous on and I love how you can
mix and match with these as well and
honestly just the detailing is amazing I
just can't experienced you how beautiful
the quality of the laces and I just
literally love how like individual each
pieces like these I have a same style
but you just sort of never know because
they're so beautiful and different
colors and obviously like different
colors stand out like you can see more
of the lounge on the car key than you
can in the lighter color overall this is
definitely my favorite buy absolutely
love this color I think it's just so
flattering on your figure it really
gives you a lift and I've got it in a
32d which is my normal size and I'd
definitely say it's very true to size I
love how these are super high waisted
and just really flattering your waist
and hit create a really curvy kind of
vibe actually I've seriously up to my
underwear game today so beautiful and I
love how like detailed all the pieces
are so so pretty
desperately needed to do that shop Oh a
while let me know which just which style
is your favorite in the comments down
below don't forget to give this video a
like and subscribe to my channel thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you guys in the next video